---
layout: page
title: Cookie policy
permalink: /cookie/
feature-img: "assets/img/feature/feature_home.png"
---

_This document describes the use this site does of the cookes. Holder of the treatment of personal data is BeLeopard.com_

## What's the cookie?

Cookies are small files generated by websites in order to store and collect data throughout the browser. Cookies allow to guarantee the security, the network management and the accessibility on the web. Cookies improve the usability as well as the performances of several features such as the language setting, the search results in order to enhance the user experience.

The cookie law (Direttiva 2009/136/CE) has updated the art. 122 of the Italian Personal Data Protection Code (D. Lgs. 196/2003 as referred by the D.Lgs.101/2018): the article requires the user agreement to store and collect every data on a computer or on others devices connected to the web. The previous rule allowed the data store and collection without agreement in advance.

The Personal Data Protection Authority had already identified easier ways to provide the policy and to acquire the cookies use agreement in the measure with date May 8th 2014 - doc. web n. 3118884 (Published on the Gazzetta Ufficiale n. 126 of the June 3rd 2014), of which instructions have been integreated and specified from the recent measure of the June 10th 2021 - doc. web n. 9677876 (Published on the Gazzetta Ufficiale n. 163 of the July 9th 2021) which the law notices are meant to be compliant to provide more transparency toward the final user.

In addition, this policy complies with what is expected from the new European Law 2016/679 (GDPR) and considers the e-Privacy Law project which is under approval process. BeLeopard.com reserves the chanche to update this policy with the aim to comply with the new normative prescriptions regarding Cookies which are required by the above Law and is under the user responsability the check on regular basis.

## Cookies typologies

1. Technical cookies

These cookies are essential for running of some features. Without them, the services which are regularly offered by the website might be partially or totally disabled. Since the cookies are essential for the use and the navigation, there's no need to request the user agreement. It's possible to lock or remove these cookies by updating the browser configurations: still, by executing one of these operations, some areas of the website might be unaccessible. This kind of cookies doesn't collect data for commercial use.
These cookies are going to be stored until the session ends and are going to be deleted an hour after the browser closing.

2. Session cookies

Cookie which are automatically deleted as the user closes the browser.

3. Persistent cookies

Cookie which are stored in the user device as the user doesn't reach an expiration date (in terms of minutes, days or years by the cookie creation/update).

4. Third-party cookies

It's possible to check and delete specified cookies by using the browser settings described as follows. However, this may prevent the website from the usual features behavior. To learn more, refer to a [aboutcookies.org](https://www.aboutcookies.org) or [allaboutcookies.org](https://allaboutcookies.org).

## Website cookies management

To optimize the user experience experience, we decided to organise the used cookies by distinguishing two categories, according to the followed scope: technically and performance necessary.

### Technical-required cookies

These cookies are essential for running of some features. Without them, the services which are regularly offered by the website might be partially or totally disabled. Since the cookies are essential for the use and the navigation, there's no need to request the user agreement. It's possible to lock or remove these cookies by updating the browser configurations: still, by executing one of these operations, some areas of the website might be unaccessible. This kind of cookies doesn't collect data for commercial use.

### Performance-required cookies

These cookies collect data about the interaction with the website. They support the identification ofn which areas are the most popular on our website. This allows us to suit the page contents according to your needs as well as enhancing your experience. This typology doesn't collect personal or commercial-aimed data and the conservation expire is restricted to 26 months. Currently, the ones used by Hops are the following ones:

- \_ga (Google Analytics)

## Disable cookies with the browser

There are different ways to manage cookies or other tracking technologies. By updating the browser settings, you can accept or refuse cookies as well as decide to receive a message before accepting a cookie by the viewed websites. We remind you that by disabling all the cookies you might not be able to interact with our all features. If you use a pc in different desks, make user every browser is set according to your needs. You can delete all the installed cookies in your browser folder. Each browser requires different procedures to manage the settings. You can click on the following links to get the more instructions:

- [Microsoft Windows Explorer](https://support.microsoft.com/it-it/topic/come-eliminare-i-file-cookie-in-internet-explorer-bca9446f-d873-78de-77ba-d42645fa52fc)
- [Google Chrome](https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=it&p=cpn_cookies)
- [Mozilla Firefox](https://support.mozilla.org/it/kb/protezione-antitracciamento-avanzata-firefox-desktop?redirectlocale=it&redirectslug=Attivare+e+disattivare+i+cookie)
- [Apple Safari](https://support.apple.com/it-it/guide/safari/sfri11471/mac)
- [Microsoft Edge](https://support.microsoft.com/it-it/windows/eliminare-e-gestire-i-cookie-168dab11-0753-043d-7c16-ede5947fc64d)

_If so, we remind you the website navigation as well as the features interaction might be comprimised._
